MORE Tool 
Copyright (c) 2016 Carnegie Mellon University.
All Rights Reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following acknowledgments and
disclaimers.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following acknowledgments and
disclaimers in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution.

3. Products derived from this software may not include “Carnegie
Mellon University,” "SEI” and/or “Software Engineering Institute" in
the name of such derived product, nor shall “Carnegie Mellon
University,” "SEI” and/or “Software Engineering Institute" be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior
written permission. For written permission, please contact
permission@sei.cmu.edu.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND DISCLAIMERS:

This material is based upon work funded and supported by the
Department of Defense under Contract No. FA8721-05-C-0003 with
Carnegie Mellon University for the operation of the Software
Engineering Institute, a federally funded research and development
center.

Any opinions, findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in
this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily
reflect the views of the United States Department of Defense.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER.
CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTEDBY LAW ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY
RIGHTS.

[Fundamental Research] This material was created under project
5-15-0062RL Tasks 2 & 3; DFARS 252.204-7000 does not apply.

DM-0003473

